url: images/gallery/various-works/12.jpg
title: Rolling Clouds

url: images/gallery/various-works/13.jpg
title: Brooklyn Rooftops

url: images/gallery/sketches/27.jpg
title: Uprooted VI

url: images/gallery/various-works/1.jpg
title: Clouty Album Art I

url: images/gallery/sketches/28.jpg
title: Uprooted VII

url: images/gallery/sketches/17.jpg
title: Williamsburg I

url: images/gallery/various-works/9.jpg
title: Central Park

url: images/gallery/various-works/14.jpg
title: Soho

url: images/gallery/sketches/19.jpg
title: Upper West Side

url: images/gallery/various-works/15.jpg
title: Wyoming Drive

url: images/gallery/sketches/18.jpg
title: Midtown Village

url: images/gallery/various-works/4.jpg
title: Kaia

url: images/gallery/sketches/22.jpg
title: Uprooted I

url: images/gallery/various-works/5.jpg
title: Katie

url: images/gallery/various-works/2.jpg
title: Clouty Album Art II

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/8.jpg
title: White Street

url: images/gallery/various-works/3.jpg
title: Broadway

url: images/gallery/various-works/6.jpg
title: Lake Sunset

url: images/gallery/sketches/23.jpg
title: Uprooted II

url: images/gallery/sketches/24.jpg
title: Uprooted III

url: images/gallery/sketches/25.jpg
title: Uprooted IV

url: images/gallery/sketches/26.jpg
title: Uprooted V

url: images/gallery/sketches/1.jpg
title: The Man Who Stole My Tree

url: images/gallery/sketches/2.jpg
title: The Great Lawn Tree

url: images/gallery/sketches/20.jpg
title: Greenpoint I

url: images/gallery/sketches/21.jpg
title: Williamsburg II

url: images/gallery/sketches/7.jpg
title: Guernsey Street Study

url: images/gallery/sketches/8.jpg
title: South Grand Street

url: images/gallery/various-works/10.jpg
title: Spanish Harlem

url: images/gallery/various-works/11.jpg
title: Subway

url: images/gallery/sketches/9.jpg
title: Red West Village II

url: images/gallery/sketches/10.jpg
title: Hands Study I

url: images/gallery/sketches/11.jpg
title: Cafe Doma V

url: images/gallery/sketches/12.jpg
title: Snow on Metropolitan and Lorimer

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/3.jpg
title: First Avenue

url: images/gallery/sketches/13.jpg
title: Ainslie in Snow

url: images/gallery/sketches/14.jpg
title: Leonard Street

url: images/gallery/sketches/5.jpg
title: Grand Street

url: images/gallery/sketches/15.jpg
title: Hooper Street

url: images/gallery/sketches/16.jpg
title: Untitled I

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/1.jpg
title: Avenue of the Americas II

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/2.jpg
title: Chelsea I

url: images/gallery/sketches/6.jpg
title: Red West Village

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/4.jpg
title: Madison Avenue

url: images/gallery/sketches/29.jpg
title: Old Man on a Greyhound

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/5.jpg
title: Spring Street Detail II

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/6.jpg
title: Spring Street

url: images/gallery/the-inner-city/7.jpg
title: Walker Street

url: images/gallery/sketches/3.jpg
title: Cafe Doma I

url: images/gallery/sketches/4.jpg
title: JFK III

url: images/gallery/various-works/7.jpg
title: Sunset Mural

url: images/gallery/various-works/8.jpg
title: Herald Square





